Get started with 'what is vivarium good for?' page (#1263)
ihmeuw/vivarium_research: docs/source/model_design/vivarium_overview/vivarium_versus_other_model_types/index.rst

.. _vivarium_best_practices_vivarium_and_other_models:

=========================================================
What is Vivarium Good For?
=========================================================

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 1

What are individual-based microsimulations?
-------------------------------------------

> Vivarium is the Simulation Science team's platform for individual-based microsimulation (also known as agent-based simulation), which is a technique for leveraging information about attributes of individuals in a population (such as demographics, risk factors, disease occurrence, and intervention coverage) and relationships between these attributes to estimate health outcomes in a synthetic environment over time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vivarium, a platform developed by the Simulation Science team, enables individual-based microsimulation, also known as agent-based simulation. This is a technique for combining information about attributes of individuals in a population (such as demographics, risk factors, disease occurrence, and intervention coverage) and relationships between these attributes, to estimate health outcomes in a simulated environment over time.
```

Reviewer: I meant to say the "the IHME Simulation Science team"

> Vivarium is the Simulation Science team's platform for individual-based microsimulation (also known as agent-based simulation), which is a technique for leveraging information about attributes of individuals in a population (such as demographics, risk factors, disease occurrence, and intervention coverage) and relationships between these attributes to estimate health outcomes in a synthetic environment over time.

Reviewer 2: nit: it's generally nice to wrap long lines like this into multiple. Makes it a little easier to deal with in git: if someone edits it later, their diff will only be on the lines they touched.

Reviewer 2: Also, maybe for a future PR, but this section uses a lot of big words; it'd be great to simplify and/or add pictures to explain this concept to a microsim newcomer. I think we have PowerPoint slides about this, which might be able to be repurposed here.

Individual-level microsimulation models incorporate relevant characteristics, including: 

- Basic demographics (e.g., age, sex/gender, race/ethnicity)
- Exposure to risk factors
- Disease incidence 
- Healthcare visit frequency
- Treatment (i.e., timing, duration, frequency, adherence, and known/assumed treatment effects)
- Adverse events
- Mortality rate/life expectancy 

> By using individual-level microsimulation, we probabilitistically assign the above attributes heterogeneously across individuals within the simulated population. Taken in aggregate, these attributes match real-world population-level data, derived from IHME's Global Burden of Disease (GBD) databases and other sources. Over the duration of a given microsimulation

Reviewer 2: typo: probabilistically
